{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Italic;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red237\green236\blue236;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c94510\c94118\c94118;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17800\viewh18700\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 POINT OF ORIGIN STORIES BRING AUTHENTICITY TO THE TABLE\
\
 food\'92s point of origin is what makes consumers feel good about their dining choices.\
\
Educated consumers want words with real meaning on the menu,\
\
P A S S I O N\
\
EMPHASIS ON CHANGE\
\

\fs36 The story of Rice Paper begins in 1979 post-Vietnam war. Our family left our country town of Rach Gia to start a new chapter in Virginia. My mother, Xuan Tran became popular amongst our little Vietnamese community as she knew a dynamic range of Vietnamese cuisines. My cousin, Phuong Ho was an aspiring chef ___________. Their authentic style of cooking brought everyone fond memories of Vietnam, and of our cultural heritage. \
\
With their indisputable passion, we transformed my father\'92s jewelry store into a restaurant. 
\f1\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
In 2012, we opened Rice Paper, and brought together fresh and unique flavors that \'93manage to hit every pleasure center of your brain at once\'94 said by The Washingtonian. Nearly eight years later, our family welcomes everyone, new and old, to a taste of Vietnam.\

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\
\
\
\
V4\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The story of Rice Paper begins in 1979 post-Vietnam War. My family and I left our country town of Rach Gia to start a new chapter in Virginia. In hopes to build a better life, my father opened a jewelry store in the Eden Center. His passion made him a prominent figure in our newly adopted Vietnamese community. In 1997, he unfortunately passed away to liver cancer, but his legacy was continued on through the family and his generosity to the Eden Center. \
\
My mother, Xuan Tran was left as the matriarch and became a renowned caterer for her plethora of Vietnamese cuisine. Similar to my cousin, Phuong Ho whom was a dedicated chef that was 
\f2\i _______
\f1\i0 . Their authentic style of cooking brought everyone fond memories of Vietnam, and of our cultural heritage. We invested in their passion, and transformed the previous store into a newfound restaurant. In 2012, we opened Rice Paper, and brought together fresh and unique flavors that \'93manage to hit every pleasure center of your brain at once\'94 said by The Washingtonian. Nearly eight years later, our family welcomes everyone, new and old, to a taste of Vietnam.\
\
\
Shorten v4
\f0\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The story of Rice Paper begins in 1979 post-Vietnam War. My family and I left our country town of Rach Gia to start a new chapter in Virginia.
\f0\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0  My mother, Xuan Tran cooking became popular amongst the Vietnamese community for her \'93word of mouth\'94 caterer amongst the community and family as she knew a plethora of Vietnamese cuisines.\
<insert word of mouth caterer> \
\

\f1\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Similar to my cousin, Phuong Ho whom was a dedicated chef that was 
\f2\i _______
\f1\i0 . Their authentic style of cooking brought everyone fond memories of Vietnam, and of our cultural heritage. We invested in their passion to bring her kitchen to the public, and transformed my father\'92s jewelry store into a newfound restaurant. \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 In 2012, we opened Rice Paper, and brought together fresh and unique flavors that \'93manage to hit every pleasure center of your brain at once\'94 said by The Washingtonian. Nearly eight years later, our family welcomes everyone, new and old, to a taste of Vietnam.
\f0\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
}